README.md, before:

# Backend Service

A TypeScript-based backend service for enriching and researching company and people data using queues, workers, and AI.

## Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Docker and Docker Compose
- Node.js 16+
- PostgreSQL
- Redis

### Environment Setup
1. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with:
```
DATABASE_URL=your_postgres_connection_string
REDIS_URL=your_redis_connection_string
PORT=3000
GEMINI_AUTH_API_KEY=your_gemini_AUTH_API_KEY
AUTH_AUTH_API_KEY=your_auth_AUTH_API_KEY
```

### Running with Docker Compose
```bash
# Build and start all services
docker compose up --build

# Start in detached mode
docker compose up -d

# View logs
docker compose logs -f

# Stop all services
docker compose down
```

The Docker Compose setup includes:
- Backend application (Node.js)
- PostgreSQL database
- Redis instance

All environment variables are pre-configured in the docker-compose.yml file.

### Manual Setup
```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run migrations
npm run migrate

# Run Seed Data
npm run seed

# Start the server
npm run dev
```

## API Usage After Seeding Data

After running the seed data, you can interact with the backend API using the following sequence of calls:

### 1. Get People
Retrieve the list of all people:
```bash
curl -X GET http://localhost:3000/api/people -H "x-api-key: YOUR_AUTH_AUTH_API_KEY"
```

### 2. Trigger Enrichment for a Person
Trigger enrichment for a specific person by their ID:
```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:3000/api/enrich/{person_id} -H "x-api-key: YOUR_AUTH_AUTH_API_KEY"
```

### 3. Check Job Status
Check the status of a research job by its job ID:
```bash
curl -X GET http://localhost:3000/api/research/jobs/{job_id} -H "x-api-key: YOUR_AUTH_AUTH_API_KEY"
```

### 4. Get All Snippets for a Company
Retrieve all snippets associated with a specific company by its ID:
```bash
curl -X GET http://localhost:3000/api/snippets/company/{company_id} -H "x-api-key: YOUR_AUTH_AUTH_API_KEY"
```

Replace `YOUR_AUTH_AUTH_API_KEY` with your actual API key and substitute `{person_id}`, `{job_id}`, and `{company_id}` with the appropriate IDs.


### Via UI
1. Navigate to the People List in the frontend
2. Click the "Research" button next to a person
3. Monitor progress in the Research Progress component

## Search Modes

The system supports both mock and real search implementations:

### Mock Search
- Located in `src/worker/enrichWorker.ts`
- Returns predefined data for testing
- Enabled by default in development

### Real Search
To enable real search:
1. Update the `processSearchResults` function in `enrichWorker.ts`
2. Implement your preferred search API integration
3. Update environment variables if needed

## API Documentation

The backend service provides API documentation using Swagger (OpenAPI 3.0).

- The Swagger UI is available at: [http://localhost:3000/api-docs](http://localhost:3000/api-docs)
- The raw Swagger JSON specification can be accessed at: [http://localhost:3000/api-docs.json](http://localhost:3000/api-docs.json)

This documentation includes all available API endpoints, request/response schemas, and authentication requirements.

## Future Work

### Scaling
- Implement horizontal scaling for workers
- Add Redis cluster support
- Implement database sharding
- Add caching layer for frequently accessed data

### Authentication
- Add JWT-based authentication
- Implement role-based access control
- Add OAuth2 support for third-party integrations

### Additional Agents
Planned integrations:
- Company research agent
- News monitoring agent
- Social media enrichment agent
- Data validation agent

### Monitoring
- Add Prometheus metrics
- Implement logging aggregation
- Set up alert system for failed jobs
- Add performance monitoring

## Health Checks
The service provides a health endpoint at `/healthz` that monitors:
- Database connectivity
- Redis connection
- Worker status

Commit message:

`Added tech stacks section to README.md`

README.md, after:

# Backend Service

A TypeScript-based backend service for enriching and researching company and people data using queues, workers, and AI.

## Tech Stacks

This project uses the following technologies and tools:

- **Node.js**: JavaScript runtime environment
- **TypeScript**: Typed superset of JavaScript
- **Express**: Web framework for Node.js
- **PostgreSQL**: Relational database
- **Sequelize**: ORM for Node.js and PostgreSQL
- **Redis**: In-memory data structure store, used as a message broker
- **BullMQ**: Queue system for handling background jobs
- **Docker & Docker Compose**: Containerization and orchestration
- **Swagger (OpenAPI 3.0)**: API documentation
- **ESLint & Prettier**: Code linting and formatting
- **Other dependencies** as listed in `package.json`

These technologies enable scalable, maintainable, and efficient backend service development.

## Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Docker and Docker Compose
- Node.js 16+
- PostgreSQL
- Redis

### Environment Setup
1. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with:
```
DATABASE_URL=your_postgres_connection_string
REDIS_URL=your_redis_connection_string
PORT=3000
GEMINI_AUTH_API_KEY=your_gemini_AUTH_API_KEY
AUTH_AUTH_API_KEY=your_auth_AUTH_API_KEY
```

### Running with Docker Compose
```bash
# Build and start all services
docker compose up --build

# Start in detached mode
docker compose up -d

# View logs
docker compose logs -f

# Stop all services
docker compose down
```

The Docker Compose setup includes:
- Backend application (Node.js)
- PostgreSQL database
- Redis instance

All environment variables are pre-configured in the docker-compose.yml file.

### Manual Setup
```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run migrations
npm run migrate

# Run Seed Data
npm run seed

# Start the server
npm run dev
```

## API Usage After Seeding Data

After running the seed data, you can interact with the backend API using the following sequence of calls:

### 1. Get People
Retrieve the list of all people:
```bash
curl -X GET http://localhost:3000/api/people -H "x-api-key: YOUR_AUTH_AUTH_API_KEY"
```

### 2. Trigger Enrichment for a Person
Trigger enrichment for a specific person by their ID:
```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:3000/api/enrich/{person_id} -H "x-api-key: YOUR_AUTH_AUTH_API_KEY"
```

### 3. Check Job Status
Check the status of a research job by its job ID:
```bash
curl -X GET http://localhost:3000/api/research/jobs/{job_id} -H "x-api-key: YOUR_AUTH_AUTH_API_KEY"
```

### 4. Get All Snippets for a Company
Retrieve all snippets associated with a specific company by its ID:
```bash
curl -X GET http://localhost:3000/api/snippets/company/{company_id} -H "x-api-key: YOUR_AUTH_AUTH_API_KEY"
```

Replace `YOUR_AUTH_AUTH_API_KEY` with your actual API key and substitute `{person_id}`, `{job_id}`, and `{company_id}` with the appropriate IDs.


### Via UI
1. Navigate to the People List in the frontend
2. Click the "Research" button next to a person
3. Monitor progress in the Research Progress component

## Search Modes

The system supports both mock and real search implementations:

### Mock Search
- Located in `src/worker/enrichWorker.ts`
- Returns predefined data for testing
- Enabled by default in development

### Real Search
To enable real search:
1. Update the `processSearchResults` function in `enrichWorker.ts`
2. Implement your preferred search API integration
3. Update environment variables if needed

## API Documentation

The backend service provides API documentation using Swagger (OpenAPI 3.0).

- The Swagger UI is available at: [http://localhost:3000/api-docs](http://localhost:3000/api-docs)
- The raw Swagger JSON specification can be accessed at: [http://localhost:3000/api-docs.json](http://localhost:3000/api-docs.json)

This documentation includes all available API endpoints, request/response schemas, and authentication requirements.

## Future Work

### Scaling
- Implement horizontal scaling for workers
- Add Redis cluster support
- Implement database sharding
- Add caching layer for frequently accessed data

### Authentication
- Add JWT-based authentication
- Implement role-based access control
- Add OAuth2 support for third-party integrations

### Additional Agents
Planned integrations:
- Company research agent
- News monitoring agent
- Social media enrichment agent
- Data validation agent

### Monitoring
- Add Prometheus metrics
- Implement logging aggregation
- Set up alert system for failed jobs
- Add performance monitoring

## Health Checks
The service provides a health endpoint at `/healthz` that monitors:
- Database connectivity
- Redis connection
- Worker status
